TheRock_Johnson&nbsp;男/海外    &nbsp;    加关注
认证：好莱坞知名演员道恩-强森(巨石强森)。主演《木乃伊2》、《蝎子王》、《地心历险记2》等
亲爱的粉丝们，我的个人官方微信开通了。大家扫二维码关注我吧。
Had a blast celebrating my mom's b-day last night here in Hawaii. Special birthday since she was finally home in the islands with all her &quot;aiga&quot; (family in Samoan) surrounding her.Was a great night until she broke out the ukulele and made me sing a birthday song with the word mo&nbsp;全文
What an historic, epic &amp; FUN night. Rock The Troops officially became the biggest event of its kind ever on American soil. The morning of the show our military officials estimated we should expect roughly 25,000. By the time I took the stage to start the show, our crowd was at 45&nbsp;全文
亲爱的粉丝们，我的个人官方微信开通了。大家扫二维码关注我吧。
Showtime. We're grateful for the opportunity. Was told by military officials to expect roughly 20,000 troops and their families to attend. Luv it. Let's roll.. 演出开场前拍的，感谢有这样的机会，他们告诉我有现场大约有20000名士兵和他们的家人观看，爱他们，疯狂起来吧！
Sending so much luv and respect to our dancers. Every moment of every act, they delivered that power, cool &amp; sexy and lifted every performance throughout the entire show. They're true bad asses who also made me look good - thank God cause the only thing I can do is move my hips a&nbsp;全文
Takin' a moment in rehearsals to be grateful. Over 18months ago we committed to changing the game and entertain our troops in an epic way. At this moment I was literally thinking &quot;Holy shit this is really happening&quot;. Then I thought, &quot;When this is all over, daddy needs some cake..&nbsp;全文
One call was all it took to get my boys and the original gangstas of the game to Rock The Troops. The music of Lynyrd Skynyrd is iconic and beloved by our US military. Crowd went crazy! 一个电话这帮流氓团的人就来Rock The Troops助阵了，林纳史金纳合唱团的表演很有标志性，这些军人的&nbsp;全文
These handshakes and heartfelt words always mean a lot to me. Thank you SFC John Cassidy of the US ARMY. Also, I'm glad I can assist your three year old son with becoming a big boy.Grateful for all you do brother. Til' next time. 像这样的握手和面对面的交谈对我意味着太多东西，感&nbsp;全文
I called my brotha Flo to be the opening act for Rock The Troops. Asked him if he would sing a song for the troops and their families to kick the night off right. he sang THREE.He set the tone and tempo for the rest of the night and the crowed went crazy. 我打电话给好哥们Flo，邀&nbsp;全文
I wanted a country act that represents our military to the core. Very few country artists today have this kinda &quot;3 chords and the truth&quot; DNA. Aaron Lewis is one of them.When he performed for our show, damn near every soldier was singing every word of his songs. 我想用演出来激发&nbsp;全文
